[Home](../../index.md) / [Research](../index.md) /
# Proposal
This project takes a pre-existing cyber-enabled domain, be it a personal home, 
factory, office space etc. and configures all the devices within the immediate 
area to the highest standards of defence in respect to cybersecurity. This 
takes a lot of the leg-work out of cybersecurity implementations and research 
for particular organisations and individuals. It does this through the use of 
Distributed Ledger Technologies (DLTs) for storing relevant cyber information 
which is then used to inform machine learning processes that seek relevant 
governance, risk management and compliance frameworks, guides and laws for that 
particular business and then goes about configuring the devices to the 
standards set out by these frameworks, guides and laws. To do this, it supports
a multitude of custom scripts and pre-existing tools to cover as many use-cases
as possible.

Cybersecurity governance is needed now more than ever, especially in a post 
COVID-19 world. As more and more people have begun to work from home on remote 
IT infrastructure, many vulnerabilities and weaknesses within the realm of 
cybersecurity have arisen or greatly expanded in direct correlation to this 
opening up of our digital freedoms. As Rodrigo Mariano Díaz (consultant for the
UN ECLAC) puts it, COVID-19 is; "becoming a catalyst of digital transformation,
as well as accelerating human beings’ adaptability to new forms of work. With 
its arrival, as well as the urgency of information and news distribution, 
COVID-19-related phishing and ransomware attacks increased exponentially, 
becoming a catalyst of digital transformation, as well as accelerating human 
beings’ adaptability to new forms of work. With its arrival, as well as the 
urgency of information and news distribution, COVID-19-related phishing and 
ransomware attacks increased 
exponentially<sup>[1](bibliography/index.md)</sup>". See Fig. 1 to gain 
insight on what this growth looks like.

## Research Area

### Project Goals

### Research Question & Deliverables

## Project Resources